Hello.
My name is Kenzo and in this video, you
will acquire English naturally by
watching, listening, and following along
as I play Minecraft hardcore. So far in
this series, we've survived 76 days and
there are two things that I want to do
in this video.
The first thing that I want to do is
build more
bookshelves
for the enchanting table so we can get
stronger enchantments. Right now, the
most we can do
is level 18. We want to get this up to
30. So we need more bookshelves and the
second thing that I want to do is start
building an XP farm. I want to start
enchanting some really powerful tools
and armor at the enchanting table. Right
now, it's night time so let's go to
sleep.
Woah.
What's happening to
What was that? I'm going to get some
bamboo
and some string. Here I have six string.
Here I have two. With string and bamboo,
you can craft scaffolding.
Right here.
Scaffolding.
I made 48 scaffolding. I'll pick up some
signs.
Let's go outside.
It's time to place the second sign on my
wall.
I'm going to get my scaffolding
and I'll place some scaffolding. Woah.
What is happening with my shield?
Woah.
I'm just ahead.
My body is invisible.
What?
What's happening with my spear?
Um
I'm going to exit
and for me to drink some lemonade.
Did it fix it?
Yes. Okay.
Okay, it's normal again. Let's go over
to the wall
and here I'll place some scaffolding
like this.
Now, we can go up the scaffolding
and I'll place another sign.
Okay.
There we go. Big thank you to these
supporters of my channel. I'll destroy
this scaffolding
and now
we have two signs on our supporter wall.
[music]
Two signs. Big thank you
to my supporters. To build more
bookshelves, we're going to need a lot
of leather. So let's breed some cows
using this wheat.
We'll breed more cows.
More baby cows.
Now we need to wait for these cows to
grow into adults and while we're waiting
for these cows to grow, let's start
working on the XP farm.
I'm going to build the XP farm
in the ocean. And to build this XP farm,
I'm going to be following this tutorial
on my phone. First, I'm going to pick up
everything that I'll need.
>> [music]
>> I need some stone, some polished
deepslate. I'll pick up this deepslate
and here at the stonecutter, I'll turn
this cobbled deepslate into polished
deepslate.
Like this.
There we go. Now I have a bunch of
polished deepslate. What else do I need?
Let's see.
I need four signs. I have six signs. I
need ooh
I need four hoppers. I don't think I
have enough iron. I only have five iron.
How do you make a hopper? Let's see.
h o p p e r. A hopper. So to make a
hopper, you need five iron and one
chest.
Right now, I can only make one hopper. I
only have five iron. Let's go
underground and let's search for more
iron. Let's go down to level 16.
Here we are. Level 16. This is the
tunnel that leads to the lush cave. I'm
going to mine this direction.
Let's look for more iron.
I'll place a torch. Oh, some lapis.
I'll collect this lapis.
Iron. Perfect.
Okay, we've already found some iron.
Let's keep mining this direction. Let's
keep looking for iron.
There's more. I already found more iron.
Level 16 is a great level for iron.
Woah. A ton of iron here. Now we're up
to 16 iron. I've already found enough
iron. Let's go back up to the surface.
Let's start smelting this iron in a
furnace. By the way, if you're enjoying
these videos and if you'd like to
practice speaking English with me
directly, you could book a call with me
on Google Meet or Tencent Meetings by
clicking up here.
Let's keep going up.
It's night time up there. Let's go to
sleep.
Sleep. Okay. And now
let's put our iron
in the furnace. Okay. What else will I
need to build the XP farm?
Let's see.
I need some buckets of water.
I think I have a bucket up here.
Here's one bucket. Do I have another?
Yes.
I have two buckets.
Let's fill these buckets with water.
Water.
Okay. Oh, no.
Jeb was trying to escape.
He was trying to go out the door. Ooh,
I'll need a bunch of trap doors.
I'll make the trap doors out of jungle
logs.
All right. Let's make some trap doors. I
need two full stacks of trap doors. So I
need a bunch more trap doors.
Let's get more jungle logs.
Well, I still don't have enough trap
doors. So I need to go chop down some
trees. I'll get my iron axe.
Let's go find some jungle trees.
Here's a tree and another tree.
Here's tree number three, tree number
four
and tree number five. This will be the
last tree that I chop down.
All right. I got some more jungle logs.
Let's go back home. Oh, wait. First,
let's breed more cows.
More cows.
I'll get my wheat.
Let's breed more cows. We're going to
need a lot of cows.
I'll turn these logs into planks and now
let's make more trap doors.
There we go. There's the trap doors.
>> [snorts]
>> What else do we need? Let's see. We need
two chests.
One, two.
Okay. And now we need to make the
hoppers.
Let's take our iron.
Oh, I need more chests.
Now we can craft four hoppers. h o p p e
r.
Let's make four hoppers.
And I think we have everything that
we'll need to build the XP farm.
Let's go start working on the XP farm.
I'm going to build it in the ocean. I'll
get in my boat
and let's start sailing.
I think I'm going to build it right
here.
Let's go underwater
and I'll place some cobblestone
right here.
Let's go up.
There we go.
And from here, I need to go up 100
blocks. So right now I'm on level 63.
I need to go up until I reach level 163.
So I'll get my polished deepslate
and I'll start building up.
100 blocks.
We just passed 100.
We're getting really high.
We just passed 150.
We're getting really close.
There we go.
Level 163.
And here, I need to build a platform.
And I'll fill it in
like this.
Now I'll get my chests and I'll place
them right here.
And now I need to take the hoppers and
I'll place the hoppers to be connected
to the chest like this.
There we go. Now
if I throw something into these hoppers
like this
they'll go into the chest.
See? There's my wheat.
I need some slabs, but I don't have any.
I'll make a crafting table
and I'll place it here in the corner.
Now, I'll make some slabs.
There we go. I made some deep slate
slabs.
And now, I'll place these on top of the
hoppers.
And now, I'll get more polished deep
slate
and I'll place it all around.
Okay.
I'll place a torch here and here. Now, I
need some stairs. Let's craft some
stairs.
And I need to place some upside down
stairs right here.
Ah, not like this.
Like this.
There we go. I placed some upside down
stairs. From here, we need to go up 16
blocks.
2 3 4
5 6 7
8 9
11 12 13
14 15 16
Okay.
I did it. So, here, I need to place my
signs.
I'll place the signs right here. 1
4 And right here, I need to pour some
water.
So, I'll take one of my water buckets
and I'll pour some water right here.
Okay. Now, I need to go up four more
blocks.
1 2
3 4
Okay. Now, I need to build seven blocks
in this direction.
1 2 And I have to make this two blocks
wide.
So,
I'll place blocks here.
I have to crouch so I don't fall off.
And I have to do this three more times.
One on this side, one on this side, and
one on this side.
There we go. I did it. [sighs] Let's
look at the next step. Now, I'm going to
build a wall
around this
that's two blocks high.
1 2
Oh, I ran out of polished deep slate.
I need to go back underground to collect
more
deep slate. I'm going to get my bucket
of water.
And now, I'm going to pour my water
right here.
Now, I can use this water to get back
up.
Dive!
Splash! Let's get back in the boat.
And let's sail home.
And let's go check on the cows.
I have 19 more wheat.
Let's breed more cows.
More cows, more cows. And I'm going down
to the bottom of the world to collect
some more deep slate.
Here we are at the bottom.
I'm going to start mining. Let's mine
this way.
I almost fell in this lava.
I'm going to scoop up this lava.
Lava?
Let's mine this way. This is a really
long tunnel.
Redstone.
All right. Let's keep mining this way.
Oh, some iron.
I'll place another torch.
Let's continue mining. Let's see. How
much cobbled deep slate have I found?
1 2 3 full stacks and one stack that's
almost full.
Oh, I can't pick this up.
I'll throw away some andesite.
Okay. I can't pick up any more cobbled
deep slate. Let's go back up to the
surface. I think I have enough deep
slate. Let's run down the long tunnel.
Woah!
Some diamonds! I missed these diamonds.
Two diamonds. I'm not going to mine
these diamonds right now. I'm going to
wait until I have a fortune pickaxe.
With a fortune pickaxe, I could get more
diamonds from this. So, I'm going to
wait. And now, let's go back up the
staircase.
All right.
We've made it back to the surface.
Let's go to sleep.
Sleep. And it's morning.
Day 80.
Let's check on the cows and let's breed
more cows.
A spider.
Die, spider. Die.
Get away from my barn.
No!
Okay. I'll take the wheat and let's
breed more cows.
And using the stone cutter,
let's turn this cobbled deep slate into
polished deep slate. Okay. I made 1 2 3
4 5 6 more stacks of polished deep
slate.
Let's continue working on
the XP farm.
There's my carrot farm.
It doesn't look like my carrots have
grown much.
Here is the waterfall.
I'll get out of the boat
and let's swim upward.
>> [music]
>> I'm swimming up the waterfall.
Almost to the top.
All right. Let's continue building this
wall.
I'll get my deep slate.
And there we go.
I finished the wall. Now, I need more
water buckets.
Let's go like this.
Okay.
Now, I'm going to jump down.
Jump!
I'm diving.
I dove into the water. Let's get out of
the water here.
And right here,
I'm going to pour out
my lava.
And now, I'll get two buckets of water.
Okay.
Now, we'll go back up almost to the top.
And here we are.
And now, I'm going to place one bucket
of water right here
and one right here.
Now, this is an infinite source of
water.
I'll place water in these corners. 1
This water will push the monsters
down into the hole.
I'll put some water on this side,
some water on this side, and I'll place
some water right here.
There we go. This was the final side.
Now, I'll fill this in
and I'll break it.
Now, I'll get my deep slate
and I'll build this way.
Okay. Now, I need to fill in
this area
like this.
Now, I need to do this
on the three other sides.
I'm going to place some torches so
monsters don't spawn.
There we go.
That's two sides complete.
We're halfway.
Okay.
Just one side left.
All right. I did it. And I think I'm
going to end this video right here. And
I'll finish building this XP farm in my
next [music]
live stream. If these videos are being
helpful to you,
the best way to support this channel is
by making a donation or buying some of
my art on my Ko-fi page by clicking up
here.
Like and subscribe [music] and I will
see you in the next video. See you.
>> [music]
[music]